feat(cache): add ListableCache interface for enumerating cache keys (#940)
warpstreamlabs/bento: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

- Optional `ListKeys` method for caches enabling consumers of cache resources to enumerate keys, caches that do not support key listing yield `ErrKeyListingNotSupported` @ecordell

> - `memory`, `file`, `aws_s3` and `gcp_cloud_storage` caches support `ListKeys` @ecordell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optional `Keys` method for caches enabling consumers of cache resources to enumerate keys, caches that do not support key listing yield `ErrKeyListingNotSupported` @ecordell
- `memory`, `file`, `aws_s3` and `gcp_cloud_storage` caches support `Keys` @ecordell
```
